README.md, before:

# awesome-online-masters

Curated list of online tech-related masters programs (accredited, non-profit universities in the United States)

Notes:
 * Tuition is an estimate *for the entire program*
 * 'In-person option' is only checked if there is an in-person version for the *exact* same degree

## Computer Science / Software Engineering

| University | Title | Link | In-person option | Public | In-state tuition	| Out-of-state tuition |
|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---  |
|Arizona State University|Master of Computer Science|[#](https://asuonline.asu.edu/online-degree-programs/graduate/computer-science-mcs/)||✓|$27k|$27k|
|Boston University|MS Software Development|[#](https://www.bu.edu/online/programs/graduate-programs/software-development/)|✓|   	|$28k|$28k|
|Colorado State University|Master of Computer Science|[#](https://www.online.colostate.edu/degrees/computer-science/)||✓|$24k|$24k|
| Georgia Institute of Technology | MS Computer Science	| [#](https://www.gatech.edu/academics/degrees/masters/cybersecurity-ms-cybersecurity) | ✓ | ✓ | $11k | $11k | 
| Johns Hopkins University | MS Computer Science | [#](https://ep.jhu.edu/programs-and-courses/programs/computer-science) | ✓ || $44k | $44k |
| Stanford University | MS Computer Science | [#](https://online.stanford.edu/programs/computer-science-ms-degree) | ✓ || $57k | $57k |
| University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign | Master of Computer Science | [#](https://cs.illinois.edu/academics/graduate/professional-mcs-program/online-master-computer-science) ||✓|$21k|$21k|
| University of Southern California |MS Computer Science|[#](https://viterbigradadmission.usc.edu/programs/masters/msprograms/computer-science/ms-computer-science/)|✓||$58k|$58k|
|   	|   	|   	|   	|   	|   	|   	|

## Cybersecurity / Information Security

| University | Title | Link | In-person option | Public | In-state tuition	| Out-of-state tuition |
|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---  |
|Boston University|MS Computer Information Systems|[#](https://www.bu.edu/online/programs/graduate-programs/computer-information-systems-masters-degree/)|✓|   	|$34k|$34k|
| Georgia Institute of Technology | MS Cybersecurity	| [#](https://www.gatech.edu/academics/degrees/masters/cybersecurity-ms-cybersecurity) | ✓ | ✓   | $11k | $11k |
| Johns Hopkins University | MS Cybersecurity | [#](https://ep.jhu.edu/programs-and-courses/programs/cybersecurity) | ✓ || $44k | $44k |
| University of North Dakota |MS Cybersecurity|[#](https://onlinedegrees.und.edu/masters-cyber-security/)| 	|✓ | $21k	| $55k |
| Syracuse University |MS Cybersecurity|[#](https://engineeringonline.syr.edu/graduate-programs/cybersecurity/)|✓||$48k|$48k|
| Western Governors University | MS Cybersecurity and Information Assurance | [#](https://www.wgu.edu/online-it-degrees/cybersecurity-information-assurance-masters-program.html) | | | $15k | $15k |

## Data Science / Data Analytics

| University | Title | Link | In-person option | Public | In-state tuition	| Out-of-state tuition |
|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---  |
|Boston University|MS Applied Data Analytics|[#](https://www.bu.edu/online/programs/graduate-programs/applied-data-analytics-masters-degree/)|||$28k|$28k| 
| University of Denver | MS Data Science | [#](https://ritchieonline.du.edu/data-science/)| ✓	| | $50k|$50k |
| UC Berkeley | Master of Information and Data Science | [#](https://datascience.berkeley.edu/)	|   	| ✓ | $60k | $60k |
| Georgia Institute of Technology | MS Analytics | [#](https://pe.gatech.edu/degrees/analytics) | ✓ | ✓ | $10k | $10k|

## Technology Management

| University | Title | Link | In-person option | Public | In-state tuition	| Out-of-state tuition |
|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---  |
| Georgetown University | Master of Professional Studies in Technology Management | [#](https://scsonline.georgetown.edu/programs/masters-technology-management)|  ✓	|   	|  $41k	|  $41k	|
| Denver University	| MS Information and Communications Technology, concentration in Technology Management 	| [#](https://universitycollege.du.edu/ict/degree/masters/technology-management-online/degreeid/406) |   	|  ✓	| $34k | $34k |

Commit message:

cumberlands + columns for NSA/DHS CAE

README.md, after:

# awesome-online-masters

Curated list of online tech-related masters programs (accredited, non-profit universities in the United States)

Notes:
 * Tuition is an estimate *for the entire program*
 * 'In-person option' is only checked if there is an in-person version for the *exact* same degree

## Computer Science / Software Engineering

| University | Title | Link | In-person option | Public | In-state tuition	| Out-of-state tuition |
|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---  |
|Arizona State University|Master of Computer Science|[#](https://asuonline.asu.edu/online-degree-programs/graduate/computer-science-mcs/)||✓|$27k|$27k|
|Boston University|MS Software Development|[#](https://www.bu.edu/online/programs/graduate-programs/software-development/)|✓|   	|$28k|$28k|
|Colorado State University|Master of Computer Science|[#](https://www.online.colostate.edu/degrees/computer-science/)||✓|$24k|$24k|
| Georgia Institute of Technology | MS Computer Science	| [#](https://www.gatech.edu/academics/degrees/masters/cybersecurity-ms-cybersecurity) | ✓ | ✓ | $11k | $11k | 
| Johns Hopkins University | MS Computer Science | [#](https://ep.jhu.edu/programs-and-courses/programs/computer-science) | ✓ || $44k | $44k |
| Stanford University | MS Computer Science | [#](https://online.stanford.edu/programs/computer-science-ms-degree) | ✓ || $57k | $57k |
| University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign | Master of Computer Science | [#](https://cs.illinois.edu/academics/graduate/professional-mcs-program/online-master-computer-science) ||✓|$21k|$21k|
| University of Southern California |MS Computer Science|[#](https://viterbigradadmission.usc.edu/programs/masters/msprograms/computer-science/ms-computer-science/)|✓||$58k|$58k|
|   	|   	|   	|   	|   	|   	|   	|

## Cybersecurity / Information Security

| University | Title | Link | In-person option | Public | In-state tuition	| Out-of-state tuition | National CAE-CD | National CAE-R |
|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---  |---  |---  |
|Boston University|MS Computer Information Systems|[#](https://www.bu.edu/online/programs/graduate-programs/computer-information-systems-masters-degree/)|✓|   	|$34k|$34k|✓|✓|
| Georgia Institute of Technology | MS Cybersecurity	| [#](https://www.gatech.edu/academics/degrees/masters/cybersecurity-ms-cybersecurity) | ✓ | ✓   | $11k | $11k ||✓|
| Johns Hopkins University | MS Cybersecurity | [#](https://ep.jhu.edu/programs-and-courses/programs/cybersecurity) | ✓ || $44k | $44k |✓|✓|
| University of North Dakota |MS Cybersecurity|[#](https://onlinedegrees.und.edu/masters-cyber-security/)| 	|✓ | $21k	| $55k |||
| Syracuse University |MS Cybersecurity|[#](https://engineeringonline.syr.edu/graduate-programs/cybersecurity/)|✓||$48k|$48k|✓|✓|
| Western Governors University | MS Cybersecurity and Information Assurance | [#](https://www.wgu.edu/online-it-degrees/cybersecurity-information-assurance-masters-program.html) | | | $15k | $15k |||
| University of the Cumberlands | MS Information Security | [#](https://www.ucumberlands.edu/academics/graduate/programs/master-science-information-systems-security) | | | $10k | $10k|✓||

## Data Science / Data Analytics

| University | Title | Link | In-person option | Public | In-state tuition	| Out-of-state tuition |
|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---  |
|Boston University|MS Applied Data Analytics|[#](https://www.bu.edu/online/programs/graduate-programs/applied-data-analytics-masters-degree/)|||$28k|$28k| 
| University of Denver | MS Data Science | [#](https://ritchieonline.du.edu/data-science/)| ✓	| | $50k|$50k |
| UC Berkeley | Master of Information and Data Science | [#](https://datascience.berkeley.edu/)	|   	| ✓ | $60k | $60k |
| Georgia Institute of Technology | MS Analytics | [#](https://pe.gatech.edu/degrees/analytics) | ✓ | ✓ | $10k | $10k|

## Technology Management

| University | Title | Link | In-person option | Public | In-state tuition	| Out-of-state tuition |
|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---	|---  |
| Georgetown University | Master of Professional Studies in Technology Management | [#](https://scsonline.georgetown.edu/programs/masters-technology-management)|  ✓	|   	|  $41k	|  $41k	|
| Denver University	| MS Information and Communications Technology, concentration in Technology Management 	| [#](https://universitycollege.du.edu/ict/degree/masters/technology-management-online/degreeid/406) |   	|  ✓	| $34k | $34k |
